=Introduction=

ModelView is a simple 3D model viewing application for Android. It loads standard 3D model files and allow you to rotate the object in space.

This is by all intents and purposes a toy application. It serves no real purpose and was written as an exercise in OpenGL programming.

=Usage=

ModelView has two "activities": browse and view. The browse activity is a file browser for 3D model files. It shows files that are packaged with the application and ones that are stored in external storage, if any. To add additional files for ModelView on your external storage (SD card), create a folder named "modelview-data" in the root of your SD card, and put the files (and or additional folders) there.

Selecting a model file will start the view activity. It will render the selected model files. You can rotate the model in the X and Y directions by dragging and flinging. Pressing "back" will return to the browse activity.

=File Formats=

ModelView reads standard .OFF and .OBJ files. Support for .OBJ is partial in that it only loads the model vertices and faces. It does not load .OBJ materials. Partial support for .OBJ materials may be added in the future.

ModelView does it's best to robustly load files of these types, but it cannot load everything. For instance, the memory of mobile devices is limited. It is common to get "out of memory" errors when attempting to load large models.

Of course there are bugs in ModelView. If you have a .OFF or .OBJ file that you feel should be loadable but is not, you can send [mailto:jeffrey.blattman@gmail.com email] to me and attach the file and I'll take a look.

=Preferences=

  * *Render back faces:* Render the specified (front) faces, but also render an opposite face. This is necessary in some cases as certain models assume front and back face rendering. If you see dark, unlit portions of the model, give this a try. This increase memory usage and will further limit the model sizes that can be loaded.
 
=Data=

See the [Data] page for information on how to obtain more data files for use with ModelView.